How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?

It was easy to see exactly where
the change took place between a 
working and non-working copy of
the program. Thus limiting the 
areas I needed to focus where 
the errors could be hiding.


How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

It would be very easy to roll back
to an older version of a program if
I had the entire history of all 
revisions made to a file. I would
also be more inclined to make 
changes to code to see its effect
without fear of ending up with a
non-working program.


What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

The pro of choosing an auto backup
solutions means no work on my
part. I don't have to remember to
do it and there is a fresh backup 
in the even of hardware faliure.
Using Git requires more thought 
and deliberate action, but it keeps
each commit meaningful and doesn't 
create a swarm of unnecissary files.


Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

Git saves multiple files in each 
commit because in an application
many files are used together to
generate the output while in 
solutions like Google Drive 
individual files stand on their 
own and are not really dependent 
on each other.


How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

you can see all commits for a file 
using git log - it bring up the 
entire commit history along with
the commit id. Git diff can be used
with 2 commit ids to find the 
differences between the 2 files.


How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

version control would make it super 
easy to revert back to a working
state of an application, thus making
me less afraid to experiment with the code.


Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

I want to use git to submit my assignment
and in the future use it for any sites
or apps I might create.


